.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Overview

Addresses ticket [#TICKET-NUMBER](www.ticket-link.com)

High level overview of changes; one or two sentences.

The design for the ticket is based on:
![This design from XXXXXX](screenshot-of-design.png)

# Changes

## Major

- Major change one
- Major change two
- ...

## Minor

- Minor change one
- Minor change two
- Minor change three
- ...

## Non-functional changes (e.g. documentation)

- Docs change one

# Release requirements

What steps are required for release, if any? E.g. Key Vault secrets, Terraform changes, etc.

## Release requirement one title

Release requirement one description

- Step one
- Step two
- ...

# Additional notes

Any additional notes, comments, etc. that might be required here.

# Checklist

- [ ] Title uses [Angular commit convention](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.4/)
- [ ] PR targets development branch
- [ ] Unit tests have been added/updated
- [ ] E2E tests have been added/updated
- [ ] GitHub workflows/actions have been updated
- [ ] Terraform has been updated
- [ ] Documentation has been updated
- [ ] Key Vault secrets have been added to dev

Commit message:

docs: Add initial "how to review" section, lower heading sizes, amend checklist

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## Overview

Addresses ticket [#TICKET-NUMBER](www.ticket-link.com)

High level overview of changes; one or two sentences.

The design for the ticket is based on:
![This design from XXXXXX](screenshot-of-design.png)

## Changes

### Major

- Major change one
- Major change two
- ...

### Minor

- Minor change one
- Minor change two
- Minor change three
- ...

### Non-functional changes (e.g. documentation)

- Docs change one

## How to review the PR

Guidance/instructions for reviewing the PR. Linking to existing documentation, DevOps tickets, etc. is acceptable, but as much information as is required for testing the PR should be included/referenced.

Include things such as:
- Setting up the PR. E.g.
  - Any instructions required for running the web app
  - If Contentful content is required, what the changes are, what existing content could be used, etc

- Where to test, e.g. "recommendations".
- If the PR is to address a bug, how to replicate the bug

## Release requirements

What steps are required for release, if any? E.g. Key Vault secrets, Terraform changes, etc.

### Release requirement one title

Release requirement one description

- Step one
- Step two
- ...

## Additional notes

Any additional notes, comments, etc. that might be required here.

## Checklist

Delete any rows that do not apply to the PR.

- [ ] Title uses [Angular commit convention](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.4/)
- [ ] PR targets development branch
- [ ] Unit tests have been added/updated
- [ ] E2E tests have been added/updated
- [ ] GitHub workflows/actions have been added/updated
- [ ] Terraform has been updated
- [ ] Documentation has been updated where relevant
- [ ] Any Key Vault secrets have been added to the development Key Vault
