terraform/container-app/terraform-configuration.md, before:

# Terraform Module Configuration

All of our infrastructure is managed as IaC via Terraform.

We use two external modules to create the majority of the resources required:
- [terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting)
- [terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf](https://github.com/dfe-digital/terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf)

## Detailed Overview

| File                             | Information                                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| backend.tf                       |                                                                                                                                                                 |
| client_config.tf                 | Retrieves data for currently executing user                                                                                                                     |
| container_app-assign-identity.tf | Runs [Bash script](../terraform/scripts/assign-user-identity-to-app.sh) that assigns the created identity from user-assigned-identity.tf to the Container App   |
| key-vault.tf                     | Creates an Azure KeyVault, any necessary keys, and dummy values for all of our secrets                                                                          |
| keyvault-add-vnet-restriction.tf | Runs [Bash script](../terraform/scripts/add-keyvault-service-endpoint-to-app.sh) Adds service endpoint to the subnet, and allows access through the same subnet |
| locals.tf                        | Terraform locals                                                                                                                                                |
| main-hosting.tf                  | Main script, using terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting, that creates the majority of our infrastructure                                                    |
| providers.tf                     | Manages the provider for our own code                                                                                                                           |
| user-assigned-identity.tf        | Creates an Azure Identity to be assigned to the Container App                                                                                                   |
| variables.tf                     | Terraform inputs                                                                                                                                                |
| versions.tf                      | Minimum versions of Terraform modules etc.                                                                                                                      |
| waf.tf                           | Uses terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf to setup Azure Front Door CDN + WAF policies                                                                  |

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) | >= 1.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | = 3.113.0 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | >= 3.2.1 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | >= 3.5.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azapi"></a> [azapi](#provider\_azapi) | 1.15.0 |
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.113.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_main_hosting"></a> [main\_hosting](#module\_main\_hosting) | github.com/DFE-Digital/terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting | v1.10.3 |
| <a name="module_waf"></a> [waf](#module\_waf) | github.com/dfe-digital/terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf | v1.1.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azapi_resource.contentful_function](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [azurerm_application_insights.functional_insights](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/application_insights) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_access_policy.vault_access_policy_mi](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_access_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_access_policy.vault_access_policy_tf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_access_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_key.data_protection_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_key) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_connect_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_default_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_frame_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_img_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_deliveryapikey](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_environment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_previewapikey](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_spaceid](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_database_connectionstring](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.blob_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.files_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.blob_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.database_default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.database_function](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.files_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.keyvault_to_defaultvnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.keyvault_to_functionvnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.blob_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.files_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_service_plan.function_plan](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/service_plan) | resource |
| [azurerm_servicebus_namespace.service_bus](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/servicebus_namespace) | resource |
| [azurerm_servicebus_queue.contentful_queue](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/servicebus_queue) | resource |
| [azurerm_servicebus_queue_authorization_rule.azurefunction](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/servicebus_queue_authorization_rule) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_account.costing_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/storage_account) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_account.function_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/storage_account) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_container.blobforcost](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/storage_container) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet.function_infra_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet.function_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet_route_table_association.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet_route_table_association) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.user_assigned_identity](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_network.function_vnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/virtual_network) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_network_peering.function_to_main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/virtual_network_peering) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_network_peering.main_to_function](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/virtual_network_peering) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |
| [azurerm_resource_group.resource_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/resource_group) | data source |
| [azurerm_route_table.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/route_table) | data source |
| [azurerm_sql_server.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/sql_server) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_az_app_kestrel_endpoint"></a> [az\_app\_kestrel\_endpoint](#input\_az\_app\_kestrel\_endpoint) | Endpoint for Kestrel setup | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_container_port"></a> [az\_container\_port](#input\_az\_container\_port) | What port the container app is bound to | `number` | `8080` | no |
| <a name="input_az_sql_admin_password"></a> [az\_sql\_admin\_password](#input\_az\_sql\_admin\_password) | Password for the admin listed in the 'az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username' variable | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_sql_azuread_admin_objectid"></a> [az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_objectid](#input\_az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_objectid) | Object ID for the admin listed in the 'az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username' variable | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_sql_azuread_admin_username"></a> [az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username](#input\_az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username) | Username/email/service principal name/etc of the Azure AD account to use as admin for the SQL Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_sql_max_pool_size"></a> [az\_sql\_max\_pool\_size](#input\_az\_sql\_max\_pool\_size) | Maximum number of possible connections per SQL connection string usage | `number` | `100` | no |
| <a name="input_az_sql_sku"></a> [az\_sql\_sku](#input\_az\_sql\_sku) | What SKU/plan to use for the SQL DB | `string` | `"Basic"` | no |
| <a name="input_az_tag_environment"></a> [az\_tag\_environment](#input\_az\_tag\_environment) | Environment tag to be applied to all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_tag_product"></a> [az\_tag\_product](#input\_az\_tag\_product) | Product tag to be applied to all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_azure_location"></a> [azure\_location](#input\_azure\_location) | Recourse location | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_cdn_create_custom_domain"></a> [cdn\_create\_custom\_domain](#input\_cdn\_create\_custom\_domain) | A flag to create the A and TXT records for the container app as part of setting up the cdn | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_cdn_frontdoor_host_add_response_headers"></a> [cdn\_frontdoor\_host\_add\_response\_headers](#input\_cdn\_frontdoor\_host\_add\_response\_headers) | List of response headers to add at the CDN Front Door `[{ "Name" = "Strict-Transport-Security", "value" = "max-age=31536000" }]` | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_blob_storage_public_access_enabled"></a> [container\_app\_blob\_storage\_public\_access\_enabled](#input\_container\_app\_blob\_storage\_public\_access\_enabled) | Enable app blob storage public access | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_http_concurrency"></a> [container\_app\_http\_concurrency](#input\_container\_app\_http\_concurrency) | Scale up at this number of HTTP requests | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_max_replicas"></a> [container\_app\_max\_replicas](#input\_container\_app\_max\_replicas) | Maximum replicas for the container app | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_min_replicas"></a> [container\_app\_min\_replicas](#input\_container\_app\_min\_replicas) | Minimum replicas for the container app | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_storage_account_shared_access_key_enabled"></a> [container\_app\_storage\_account\_shared\_access\_key\_enabled](#input\_container\_app\_storage\_account\_shared\_access\_key\_enabled) | Enable shared access key | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | Environment name, used along with `project_name` as a prefix for all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_function_runtime"></a> [function\_runtime](#input\_function\_runtime) | Azure Function runtime settings; language, verison, etc. | <pre>object({<br>    name    = string<br>    version = string<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "name": "dotnet-isolated",<br>  "version": "8.0"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_function_scaling"></a> [function\_scaling](#input\_function\_scaling) | Azure Function scaling settings; max instance count + RAM | <pre>object({<br>    max_instance_count = number<br>    memory             = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "max_instance_count": 40,<br>  "memory": 2048<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_image_tag"></a> [image\_tag](#input\_image\_tag) | Image tag | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_key_ops"></a> [key\_ops](#input\_key\_ops) | The permitted JSON web key operations of the key to be created. | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "decrypt",<br>  "encrypt",<br>  "sign",<br>  "unwrapKey",<br>  "verify",<br>  "wrapKey"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_key_size"></a> [key\_size](#input\_key\_size) | The size in bits of the key to be created. | `number` | `2048` | no |
| <a name="input_key_type"></a> [key\_type](#input\_key\_type) | The JsonWebKeyType of the key to be created. | `string` | `"RSA"` | no |
| <a name="input_msi_id"></a> [msi\_id](#input\_msi\_id) | The Managed Service Identity ID. If this value isn't null (the default), 'data.azurerm\_client\_config.current.object\_id' will be set to this value. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | project name, used along with `environment` as a prefix for all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_registry_password"></a> [registry\_password](#input\_registry\_password) | Container registry password | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_registry_server"></a> [registry\_server](#input\_registry\_server) | Container registry server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_registry_username"></a> [registry\_username](#input\_registry\_username) | Container registry username | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_storage_account_expiration_period"></a> [storage\_account\_expiration\_period](#input\_storage\_account\_expiration\_period) | The SAS expiration period in format of DD.HH:MM:SS | `string` | `"00.01:00:00"` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_account_public_access_enabled"></a> [storage\_account\_public\_access\_enabled](#input\_storage\_account\_public\_access\_enabled) | Enable public network access | `bool` | `false` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: Amend GTM - add HTML + JS to HTML and use IDs from config instead (#787)
* feat: Amend GTM - add HTML + JS to HTML and use IDs from config instead

* chore: amend example value

* tests: Update unit tests

* chore: Linted code for plan-technology-for-your-school.sln solution

* tests: Add E2E test to confirm cookies preferences match user's choices

* chore: Linted code for plan-technology-for-your-school.sln solution

* tests: Add E2E tests for GTM

* iac(tf): Add ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT variable, and ability to set other environment variables

* chore: update description

* chore: Change allowed environment names to match C#/ASP existing practices

- Change to full word and capitalised (e.g. dev -> Development)

* chore: change Development to Dev and Production to Prod

- "Development" is already one of the "normal" environments, and typically used in _local_ development. This could cause issues with the existing `appsettings.Development.json`

* chore: Create appsettings per environment

* chore: Tidy Development json

- Lot of duplicate variables - removed.

* feat: Finish (?) appsettings.*.json files

* chore: refactor the program services a lil more

* fix: Handle missing `SiteVerificationId`

We don't necessarily have this on every environment, so check it's not null or empty before creating the `meta` element

* chore: change ASPNETCORE environment to Development

* fix: Add TF `container_environment` variable to plan CI/CD

* chore: revert axe change

* chore: remove unused local

* fix: Revert environment change, add override for GTM__SiteVerificationId

* cicd: test variable changes fix issue

* fix: Use container environment from inputs

---------

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

terraform/container-app/terraform-configuration.md, after:

# Terraform Module Configuration

All of our infrastructure is managed as IaC via Terraform.

We use two external modules to create the majority of the resources required:
- [terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting)
- [terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf](https://github.com/dfe-digital/terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf)

## Detailed Overview

| File                             | Information                                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| backend.tf                       |                                                                                                                                                                 |
| client_config.tf                 | Retrieves data for currently executing user                                                                                                                     |
| container_app-assign-identity.tf | Runs [Bash script](../terraform/scripts/assign-user-identity-to-app.sh) that assigns the created identity from user-assigned-identity.tf to the Container App   |
| key-vault.tf                     | Creates an Azure KeyVault, any necessary keys, and dummy values for all of our secrets                                                                          |
| keyvault-add-vnet-restriction.tf | Runs [Bash script](../terraform/scripts/add-keyvault-service-endpoint-to-app.sh) Adds service endpoint to the subnet, and allows access through the same subnet |
| locals.tf                        | Terraform locals                                                                                                                                                |
| main-hosting.tf                  | Main script, using terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting, that creates the majority of our infrastructure                                                    |
| providers.tf                     | Manages the provider for our own code                                                                                                                           |
| user-assigned-identity.tf        | Creates an Azure Identity to be assigned to the Container App                                                                                                   |
| variables.tf                     | Terraform inputs                                                                                                                                                |
| versions.tf                      | Minimum versions of Terraform modules etc.                                                                                                                      |
| waf.tf                           | Uses terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf to setup Azure Front Door CDN + WAF policies                                                                  |

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) | >= 1.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | = 3.113.0 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | >= 3.2.1 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | >= 3.5.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azapi"></a> [azapi](#provider\_azapi) | 1.15.0 |
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.113.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_main_hosting"></a> [main\_hosting](#module\_main\_hosting) | github.com/DFE-Digital/terraform-azurerm-container-apps-hosting | v1.10.3 |
| <a name="module_waf"></a> [waf](#module\_waf) | github.com/dfe-digital/terraform-azurerm-front-door-app-gateway-waf | v1.1.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azapi_resource.contentful_function](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [azurerm_application_insights.functional_insights](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/application_insights) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault.vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_access_policy.vault_access_policy_mi](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_access_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_access_policy.vault_access_policy_tf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_access_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_key.data_protection_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_key) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_connect_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_default_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_frame_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.csp_img_src](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_deliveryapikey](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_environment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_previewapikey](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_contentful_spaceid](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.vault_secret_database_connectionstring](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.blob_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.files_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.blob_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.database_default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.database_function](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.files_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.keyvault_to_defaultvnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.keyvault_to_functionvnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.blob_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.files_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_service_plan.function_plan](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/service_plan) | resource |
| [azurerm_servicebus_namespace.service_bus](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/servicebus_namespace) | resource |
| [azurerm_servicebus_queue.contentful_queue](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/servicebus_queue) | resource |
| [azurerm_servicebus_queue_authorization_rule.azurefunction](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/servicebus_queue_authorization_rule) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_account.costing_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/storage_account) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_account.function_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/storage_account) | resource |
| [azurerm_storage_container.blobforcost](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/storage_container) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet.function_infra_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet.function_storage](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_subnet_route_table_association.keyvault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/subnet_route_table_association) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.user_assigned_identity](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_network.function_vnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/virtual_network) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_network_peering.function_to_main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/virtual_network_peering) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_network_peering.main_to_function](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/resources/virtual_network_peering) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |
| [azurerm_resource_group.resource_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/resource_group) | data source |
| [azurerm_route_table.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/route_table) | data source |
| [azurerm_sql_server.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/3.113.0/docs/data-sources/sql_server) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_az_app_kestrel_endpoint"></a> [az\_app\_kestrel\_endpoint](#input\_az\_app\_kestrel\_endpoint) | Endpoint for Kestrel setup | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_container_port"></a> [az\_container\_port](#input\_az\_container\_port) | What port the container app is bound to | `number` | `8080` | no |
| <a name="input_az_sql_admin_password"></a> [az\_sql\_admin\_password](#input\_az\_sql\_admin\_password) | Password for the admin listed in the 'az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username' variable | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_sql_azuread_admin_objectid"></a> [az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_objectid](#input\_az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_objectid) | Object ID for the admin listed in the 'az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username' variable | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_sql_azuread_admin_username"></a> [az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username](#input\_az\_sql\_azuread\_admin\_username) | Username/email/service principal name/etc of the Azure AD account to use as admin for the SQL Server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_sql_max_pool_size"></a> [az\_sql\_max\_pool\_size](#input\_az\_sql\_max\_pool\_size) | Maximum number of possible connections per SQL connection string usage | `number` | `100` | no |
| <a name="input_az_sql_sku"></a> [az\_sql\_sku](#input\_az\_sql\_sku) | What SKU/plan to use for the SQL DB | `string` | `"Basic"` | no |
| <a name="input_az_tag_environment"></a> [az\_tag\_environment](#input\_az\_tag\_environment) | Environment tag to be applied to all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_az_tag_product"></a> [az\_tag\_product](#input\_az\_tag\_product) | Product tag to be applied to all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_azure_location"></a> [azure\_location](#input\_azure\_location) | Recourse location | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_cdn_create_custom_domain"></a> [cdn\_create\_custom\_domain](#input\_cdn\_create\_custom\_domain) | A flag to create the A and TXT records for the container app as part of setting up the cdn | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_cdn_frontdoor_host_add_response_headers"></a> [cdn\_frontdoor\_host\_add\_response\_headers](#input\_cdn\_frontdoor\_host\_add\_response\_headers) | List of response headers to add at the CDN Front Door `[{ "Name" = "Strict-Transport-Security", "value" = "max-age=31536000" }]` | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_blob_storage_public_access_enabled"></a> [container\_app\_blob\_storage\_public\_access\_enabled](#input\_container\_app\_blob\_storage\_public\_access\_enabled) | Enable app blob storage public access | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_http_concurrency"></a> [container\_app\_http\_concurrency](#input\_container\_app\_http\_concurrency) | Scale up at this number of HTTP requests | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_max_replicas"></a> [container\_app\_max\_replicas](#input\_container\_app\_max\_replicas) | Maximum replicas for the container app | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_min_replicas"></a> [container\_app\_min\_replicas](#input\_container\_app\_min\_replicas) | Minimum replicas for the container app | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_container_app_storage_account_shared_access_key_enabled"></a> [container\_app\_storage\_account\_shared\_access\_key\_enabled](#input\_container\_app\_storage\_account\_shared\_access\_key\_enabled) | Enable shared access key | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_container_environment"></a> [container\_environment](#input\_container\_environment) | Container app environment - set to ASPNETCORE\_ENVIRONMENT in the app environment variables | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_container_environment_variables"></a> [container\_environment\_variables](#input\_container\_environment\_variables) | Additional environment variables to set on the Azure Container App | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | Environment name, used along with `project_name` as a prefix for all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_function_runtime"></a> [function\_runtime](#input\_function\_runtime) | Azure Function runtime settings; language, verison, etc. | <pre>object({<br>    name    = string<br>    version = string<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "name": "dotnet-isolated",<br>  "version": "8.0"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_function_scaling"></a> [function\_scaling](#input\_function\_scaling) | Azure Function scaling settings; max instance count + RAM | <pre>object({<br>    max_instance_count = number<br>    memory             = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "max_instance_count": 40,<br>  "memory": 2048<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_image_tag"></a> [image\_tag](#input\_image\_tag) | Image tag | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_key_ops"></a> [key\_ops](#input\_key\_ops) | The permitted JSON web key operations of the key to be created. | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "decrypt",<br>  "encrypt",<br>  "sign",<br>  "unwrapKey",<br>  "verify",<br>  "wrapKey"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_key_size"></a> [key\_size](#input\_key\_size) | The size in bits of the key to be created. | `number` | `2048` | no |
| <a name="input_key_type"></a> [key\_type](#input\_key\_type) | The JsonWebKeyType of the key to be created. | `string` | `"RSA"` | no |
| <a name="input_msi_id"></a> [msi\_id](#input\_msi\_id) | The Managed Service Identity ID. If this value isn't null (the default), 'data.azurerm\_client\_config.current.object\_id' will be set to this value. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | project name, used along with `environment` as a prefix for all resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_registry_password"></a> [registry\_password](#input\_registry\_password) | Container registry password | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_registry_server"></a> [registry\_server](#input\_registry\_server) | Container registry server | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_registry_username"></a> [registry\_username](#input\_registry\_username) | Container registry username | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_storage_account_expiration_period"></a> [storage\_account\_expiration\_period](#input\_storage\_account\_expiration\_period) | The SAS expiration period in format of DD.HH:MM:SS | `string` | `"00.01:00:00"` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_account_public_access_enabled"></a> [storage\_account\_public\_access\_enabled](#input\_storage\_account\_public\_access\_enabled) | Enable public network access | `bool` | `false` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
